---
layout: page
title: List of iOS apps I built
permalink: /projects/
---

## Ritchie Bros. - 2018  (full-time contract)
[Ritchie Bros. Mobile App](https://itunes.apple.com/app/apple-store/id1068567213?mt=8)
Search, register and bid at Ritchie Bros. auctions around the world on your Apple iOS mobile devices! Buy new and used heavy equipment and trucks for sale at our live unreserved public auctions from your home, office or jobsite. As long as you're connected you can bid.

- Browse tens of thousands of items for sale
- Track equipment and get notifications with watchlists
- Check detailed equipment information & photos
- Bid online in real time
- View live auctions and see what's selling
- Hear the auctioneer with live streaming audio

Role: Build new feature for the existing app. Team Lead, scrum master for the team

TECHNOLOGIES & SKILLS: Xcode, Swift, RESTAPI, Real Time auctions


## Castingworkbook Inc - 2016, 2017  (full-time)
[The Ultimate Self-Tape App](https://itunes.apple.com/app/apple-store/id911898214?mt=8) is a free app powered by Casting Workbook for their members only. It allows you to self-tape professionally, right from your mobile device. Send your self-tape auditions, along with your portfolio, directly to industry professionals all while looping in your agent. 

Role: Rebuild the app from scratch using native iOS tools - Xcode and Swift

TECHNOLOGIES & SKILLS: Swift, AWS, Almofire, RESTAPI, Video Recording and Editing, FFMpeg


## Arrowtop - 2016 (part-time contract)
[ArrowTop](https://itunes.apple.com/ca/app/arrowtop/id969312617?mt=8) is a social network for creating trends with the world. With ArrowTop, you can create or join in Trends. Post your photos and videos to boost your way to the top.

Role: Added new featuers and bug fixes

TECHNOLOGIES & SKILLS: Swift, Cocoapods, AWS, Almofire, RESTAPI, Social network 

Note: This startup company is in hybernate mode. The app was removed from the AppStore


## RSA - 2014 - 2016 (full-time contract)
[The RSA SecurID® Authenticate app](https://itunes.apple.com/ca/app/rsa-securid-authenticate/id986524970?mt=8) works with RSA SecurID Access to provide strong authentication and convenient single sign-on to corporate web applications. Use the app to register an iOS device, and then use the registered device to authenticate to applications protected by RSA SecurID Access. The Authenticate app lets you conveniently verify your identity by tapping the device, verifying with Touch ID or Eyeprint ID, or by entering a tokencode generated by the app. 

Role: Added new featuers and bug fixes

**Secure Note Storage** (the app was released for internal use only)
The system is designed to store secure information on your device and sync it with other devices (Android, Windows, MacOS) via the server. All the data is encrypted end to end.

Role: Build iOS version of the app

TECHNOLOGIES & SKILLS: Swift, Core Data, UIKit, RESTful API, iBeacon, BLE, bsafe, CommonCrypto, encryption, encrypted data transfer, Git


## Burrow - 2015 (part-time contract)
Finding an apartment or house in Greater Toronto Area is now easier than finding a date on a Friday night! Simply pull out your phone and swipe to find your next home. Innovative and fun location based search. Always know what's avaliable for rent or sale around you. Craigslist, Kijiji and Realtor are tools of the past. BurrowSwipe has more listings than MLS and updated every hour so you'll never miss out on you dream home.

Role: Build the iOS app

TECHNOLOGIES & SKILLS: Swift, UIKit, RESTful API

Note: The app and the project was discontinued by the client in 2016


## Five minute journal - 2014 (part-time contract)
The Five Minute Journal is the simplest, most effective way to become happier in 5 minutes a day with a simple journaling format built on proven principles of positive psychology.

Role: Build the first versin of the iOS app

TECHNOLOGIES & SKILLS: Objective-C, UIKit, RESTful API


## Rogers 2013-2014 (full-time)
[Today's parents](https://itunes.apple.com/ca/app/todays-parent-my-family-pregnancy-baby-toddler-child/id776122599?mt=8)
This free app is a personalized guide to your child’s age and stage from Today’s Parent, Canada’s most trusted parenting brand. Whether you’re pregnant, a new parent to a baby, or an experienced mom or dad, get all the daily tips, recipes, developmental advice and health information you need to raise a happy, healthy family. The Today’s Parent My Family app gives you a customized, always-updated newsfeed for each pregnancy and child—just enter your due date or your kid’s birth date to get started.

[The FXNOW Canada app](https://itunes.apple.com/ca/app/fxnow-canada/id841025523?mt=8) is the home to critically-acclaimed shows from FX and FXX. Watch full episodes of your favourite shows like The Americans, American Horror Story and It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia! Log in to the app with your TV service provider credentials to access the full lineup of content. Contact your TV service provider to order. The app works on iPad, iPhone and iPod touch devices.


[Breakfast television iOS app](https://itunes.apple.com/ca/app/breakfast-television/id709465118?mt=8)
Take City's Breakfast Television with you, wherever and whenever with the new Breakfast Television app for iPhone. This new app will do everything from wake you up in the morning, allow you to watch the live show on your phone, give you the latest weather forecast or let you catch up on all the best videos from today. It is simple, just select your city once you have downloaded the app to get your favourite local Breakfast Television morning show on your phone!

Role: Build iOS version of the app. 

TECHNOLOGIES & SKILLS: Objective-C, UIKit, RESTful API, Brightcove

## Triggerfox 2013 (full-time)

## Zurapps. 2010-2012 (full-time)
[RoadTripper](https://itunes.apple.com/ca/app/road-tripper/id398967661?mt=8)

Organize your trips on Apple Maps! Add the places you wish to visit! For each place, add a name, description, arrival and departure date, URL, phone number and address.



[MathPad](https://itunes.apple.com/ca/app/mathpad/id435087400?mt=8)

MathPad allows you to create documents that include:
• Mathematical expressions that automatically draw, re-size, and align according to their content
• Geometrical shapes figures with editable notations: circle, equilateral triangle, isosceles triangle, right triangle, obtuse triangle, acute triangle, square, rectangle 
• Drawn graphs with axis in the center or in any of the corners; that show or hide ticks, arrows or extensions and to select line color or thickness
• Other elements: matrices, images, text and text boxes



[Kids Tell Time](https://itunes.apple.com/En/app/id370845110?mt=8)

This interactive app helps children learn to tell the time by using both digital and analog clocks.
The time displayed is also spoken in the selected language for the narration: English, French or Spanish.



[Find+Learn](https://itunes.apple.com/ca/app/find-learn/id384944659?mt=8)

Talking app with a delightful design, Find + Learn makes learning fun. Words with their respective images and narrations are grouped in themed collections.



[Find+Read](https://itunes.apple.com/ca/app/find-read/id389810720?mt=8)

Talking app with a delightful design, Find + Read makes learning fun. Words with their respective images and narrations are grouped in themed collections. 



[10 Puppies](https://itunes.apple.com/ca/app/10-puppies/id379303514?mt=8) - My First iOS app

Talking app in English, French and Spanish with beautiful images of puppies that facilitates learning the counting sequence up to ten. 10 Puppies helps children learn to recognize, distinguish and identify the corresponding numbers. 
